Make SCM resource consistent with other resources (#8152)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

gem_package now supports installing gems into Ruby 2.6 or later installations.

### scm / git / subversion

> scm now supports the path property in favour of destination. However destination will continue to work at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scm` resource now supports the `path` property rather than the `destination` property. While currently supported, the `destination` property will be deprecated eventually.
```
